---
title: "Tom Riddle's Diary in our pockets"
layout: post

---

(Work in progress)

One day I was watching 'Harry Porter and the Chamber of Secrets'  
and I thought to myself what would happen if we could  
manufacture Tom Riddle's diary and then I thought what would  
happen if the diary was an app hidden in plane sight within the   
miniature idiot box. Suddenly another what if hit me that Tom Riddle   
in real life could be a radical fundamentalist of any religion or   
a hacker from another nation trying to create chaos. Ginny in real   
life could be any child or adult. Every one is equally affected, nobody  
is immune to this psychological abuse. If this app were real then the   
chances are half of the world's population will be using the app in   
this hypothetical situation. When people use this app these Tom Riddles  
can covertly learn about their would be followers and people's likes   
and dislikes, their personal issues all done without them changing   
their timezones or while being draped in colorful suit and tie of civil  
and in real time. Then when the time is ripe they can inject the populace  
with fake news or whatever is required to twist people's mind and have   
them belive what these Tom Marvalo Riddle's intend. These things are   
really possible. In fact this is happening right now in Twitter,   
in Facebook, in Youtube, in Instagram, in xyz social apps or apps   
used for other purposes. We feel uneasy when we subsitute these apps   
with a radical Jihadist. Lets see how would you feel if somebody proved   
it to you that Facebook is an organisation run by a radical group.   
I would puke since I am a user and scared. Off course Facebook is not   
run by any radical groups but you see the problem. I don't know if   
this shenanigans warrant any showing of red flags. I don't know. I am not   
a researcher. I am not a scientist. I don't know the limits of these technology.   
But clearly it feels odd for a normal person. Well call me an oldy still this has   
to be looked at and people must be aware of this mischeif because as an adult I   
think it is my/adults responsibility to teach healthy digital habits to our kids.   
For that we must discern wrong from good. It is time that our society begin to reflect   
on what is good and bad rather than having a liberal outlook of accepting everything   
if it aids our pursuit of happyness. It is time to crave new sets of   
acceptable digital social norms. It is time to turn conservative so that   
earth will remainfor future generations to create a progressive society.
