---
title: "Its time to acknowledge the problem."
layout: post
---

Social media has created a false sense of aptitude in all people. People feel that they know almost everything and that their assesment of an ongoing event is the truth. I do not know why that is so? I assume its because internet and social media has given us the ability to broadcast our thoughts with ease and we recieve feedbacks in the form of likes and comments. With recommendation system added to this mix finding people with similar beliefs is not that difficult. So bubble, we conform ourselves into. When people point out the mistakes in our thoughts the ego trumps us to wear the defensive suit and that creates factions.     

So with rise of tech and software eating the world it has become extremely difficult to bring sense to people through rhetoric and reason and to sort fake from truth. How can we possibly solve this problem?   

The first step to solve any problem is to acknowledge that this is a problem. Why is this a problem? As we now see that democracy is threatened in the United States of America because people do not accept the election results. We see all the blame being put on one individual like all problems in our society we are brushing of the larger question and trying to solve an immediate problem using a convenient solution. Yes, that is what is expected from law makers but scientists are not expected to do so. Scientists must ask themselves what is the route cause of this problem? And I postulate that the route cause of this problem may be close to the statement that it has become extremely difficult to bring sense to people through rhetoric and reason. So do we have to acknowledge the problem or not? or rather blindlessly move ahead.
